There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
The lake is a long way from here.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
Flying fish few by the space station.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
I’m a living furnace.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
With the high wind warning
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.